LFI Code Execution
Next, we’ll use the LFI vulnerability
to include the Apache log file
that contains our PHP payload.
We know the application
is using an include statement
so the contents of the included file
will be executed as PHP code.
We’ll build a URL that includes
the location of the log
as well as our command to be executed
sent as the cmd parameter’s value.
Once the URL is sent to the web server,
the output contains the
entries in the log file
along with the output of
our ipconfig command.
So what exactly happened here?
Thanks to the application’s
PHP include statement
and our ability to specify
which file to include,
the contents of the
contaminated log file
were executed by the web page.
The PHP engine in turn
runs the shell_exec portion
of the log file’s text
with the cmd variable’s
value of “ipconfig”,
essentially running ipconfig on the target
and displaying the output.
Any additional lines in the
log file are simply displayed
because they do not
contain valid PHP code.
This is certainly not what
the developer intended!